README.md, before:

# vagrant-wordpress-lemp
A somewhat reasonable Vagrant setup that might be useful for quick WordPress development environments.

This setup contains the following:

+ Nginx
+ MySQL
+ PHP-FPM
+ phpMyAdmin
+ Puppet
+ WordPress

## Usage
To start, fork this repository and clone it. Copy `Vagrantfile.sample` to `Vagrantfile` and open it in your editor. You should then configure the `config.vm.hostname`, `config.vm.network`, etc. in `Vagrantfile` to your liking.

If you wish to create a totally new WordPress installation, simply run `vagrant up` inside the new directory. If you are importing an existing WordPress installation, copy your `wp-content` directory (or theoretically any other files you want).

When you run `vagrant up`, if all goes well the VM will start, and Puppet will begin configuration and installation of WordPress.

### Connecting
You may connect via SSH to the new machine by running `vagrant ssh`. To connect with a web browser, use the IP you provided in the `Vagrantfile` or, if you have the Vagrant HostsUpdater plugin installed, the hostname.

### Default Users and Passwords

Account     | Username  | Password
------------|-----------|---------
Login       | vagrant   | vagrant
root        | root      | vagrant
phpMyAdmin  | root      | vagrant
MySQL       | root      | vagrant
MySQL WP DB (wordpress) | wordpress | wordpress

Commit message:

Finally add link to new repository

README.md, after:

# vagrant-wordpress-lemp

## ATTENTION: development has moved to [vagrant-wordpress](https://github.com/axocomm/vagrant-wordpress)

### This repository will no longer be maintained!

A somewhat reasonable Vagrant setup that might be useful for quick WordPress development environments.

This setup contains the following:

+ Nginx
+ MySQL
+ PHP-FPM
+ phpMyAdmin
+ Puppet
+ WordPress

## Usage
To start, fork this repository and clone it. Copy `Vagrantfile.sample` to `Vagrantfile` and open it in your editor. You should then configure the `config.vm.hostname`, `config.vm.network`, etc. in `Vagrantfile` to your liking.

If you wish to create a totally new WordPress installation, simply run `vagrant up` inside the new directory. If you are importing an existing WordPress installation, copy your `wp-content` directory (or theoretically any other files you want).

When you run `vagrant up`, if all goes well the VM will start, and Puppet will begin configuration and installation of WordPress.

### Connecting
You may connect via SSH to the new machine by running `vagrant ssh`. To connect with a web browser, use the IP you provided in the `Vagrantfile` or, if you have the Vagrant HostsUpdater plugin installed, the hostname.

### Default Users and Passwords

Account     | Username  | Password
------------|-----------|---------
Login       | vagrant   | vagrant
root        | root      | vagrant
phpMyAdmin  | root      | vagrant
MySQL       | root      | vagrant
MySQL WP DB (wordpress) | wordpress | wordpress
